    What is Blizzard Entertainment's® copyright/trademark policy for the Internet,
    specifically for fansites? Can I use Blizzard Entertainment's® images,
    text or sound on my web page? Is it ok if I use screenshots I take in-game on my web page?

Yes, within certain limits. We asked our legal department to provide some guidelines for you, and here is what they said:

- Blizzard Entertainment® hereby grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable
and non- assignable license to use and display, for home, noncommercial and personal use only,
one copy of any material and/or software that you may download from this site, including,
but not limited to, any files, codes, audio or images incorporated in or generated by the
software (collectively the "Downloaded Content") provided, however, that you must include or maintain all copyright and other notices contained or associated with such Downloaded Content.
You acknowledge and agree that you may not sublicense, assign or otherwise transfer this
license or the Downloaded Content and that no title to the Downloaded Content has been or
will be transferred to you from Blizzard Entertainment® or anyone else.
You also agree that you will not alter, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer or
otherwise modifythe Downloaded Content.

Also, we reserve the right to revoke this limited use license at any time, for any reason,
and at the sole discretion of Blizzard Entertainment®. You may not use our materials on sites
that feature defamatory pornographic, or inflammatory content, including, but not limited to,
hacks and cheats for any of our games or any other content that Blizzard Entertainment® find
objectionable or unlawful.